Pulling data from a flat file stored on
the Internet is fairly straightforward.
You download the file, then open it
like you do any other flat file.
Web scraping can be a bit
more difficult, though.
Let's look at an example
of web scraping.
The link found below the video
is to a magazine article
that lists top doctors in
the Denver metro area.
In order to pull the data about
each of the doctors off this page,
we'll have to scrape
the data from the website.
Web scraping is done by making a request
to a website and getting data back.
By typing in a URL, or a web address,
a request is made of a web server.
In response, it returns the web code
which contains the data from that page.
This code is called HTML,
Hypertext Markup Language.
Which is the most common
web coding language.
The data that we want to extract from
the code is embedded within the text and
needs to be parsed out into rows and
columns.